---
layout: post
title: PKO Does the Zongo Cup
description: Migrating website
image: assets/images/zongo-2.jpg
---

Today marks the Zongo Yachting Cup, and Pale Kai Outrigger’s third consecutive year of participation. While PKO hasn’t attached sails to its canoes, we’re grateful to Paul Irving, organizer of the event, to allow diversification of class in this traditional sailing event. This year will feature, in addition to our outriggers, a SUP class, multi-hull and power boat class. With more than 50 vessels expected to participate today, this makes for one of the most exciting offshore races on the California Coast!

Today, PKO sends out two crews and canoes, launching from Morro Bay this morning at 11, and making the trek all the way into Avila Beach. For outriggers, this race can be done as an iron, or a 9-man. Race finishers are rewarded with an after party like no other—Michael Franti and Spearhead concert at Avila Bay Golf Course, not to mention a Food Truck Festival coinciding with the concert.

Friends, Family, Sailing and Waterman Fans join in the fun today and see-off the crews from Morro Bay this morning, then head over  to Avila Beach for an afternoon finish (~2pm for our outriggers), and grab a ticket to the after party. It will be a Friday to set the bar for the rest of your weekend.

Let’s hope for “hardware” of a different kind today, the ultimate Zongo Award, PKO is anxious to add another one of these beauties to its collection.

Something that PKO members ponder a lot over beers at Ricks, or a BBQ on our home beach after a 20 mile practice on our gorgeous central coast waters rings especially true today: Who’s got it better than us? 
